Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
-
On your knees.
Now. goddamn it!
away from home
make it through
Wow. this place looks amazing.
Yeah. it is. right?
My dad used to spend a lot of
time here as a kid.
I'd love to join you. but
I have a serious allergy
to anything that involves bugs.
Yes. I know.
I get it.
It's okay.
This is something I need
to do on my own.
Thanks for driving.
Anytime.
If you don't hear from me
in a few hours.
call search and rescue. okay?
- Seriously?
- No. I'm kidding.
I'll call you
on the way back down.
We'll make it to
Atlanta tonight.
Okay. Bye.
- Bye.
-
Dear Dad. I did it.
I made it up the trail.
Almost at the top.
I took some great photos to
remember this place by.
I was gonna write this letter
and leave it up here with you.
but now there's a thunderstorm
and something just feels...
feels off.
I don't know if I can
do this now.
I'm not quitting or anything.
I promise.
I'm just not sure I'm truly
ready to say goodbye.
Maybe the storm is a sign
I should come back
another day?
I wish you could
talk to me now.
Guess it's up to me.
Welcome back.
-
all suffering
guiding me home
You waitin' for somebody?
Get in.
All right!
Business first.
You know I just can't
control myself
when you're in that uniform.
All right. Jimmy!
What do you got for me?
You're four stacks short.
It was a tough month.
Don't worry. I still got
your little side cut in full.
- Right here.
- Get the fuck back.
You know I can't go back to Hank
four stacks short!
It is what it is.
You need to be able
to move this.
I'm tryin'. It ain't easy.
Or should I just stop seizin'
it for you?
Baby. you know the deal.
We guarantee the product and
you guarantee the distro.
I know.
I'll get you more
money next week.
Now. how much stuff can you get
for me this month. baby?
Come on.
Get your fuckin'
hand off my leg.
Come on. baby.
-  I'm over this shit!
Read the room. Jimmy.
Ya fucked up.
Hand me a brick.
You serious?
Wanna play it that way? Fine.
Hold that.
Bag that up for me.
It's not right.
Looks like I'm gonna need to
find myself a new partner
and I'm gonna need samples.
What are we talkin' here?
Just the coke?
Or the meth and the heroin. too?
Details?
Details? Are you fuckin'
serious?
What the fuck is wrong
with you today?
That's not how we talk.
That's not what we do.
Cell phones off when we meet!
You know the protocol!
What the fuck?
You fuckin' recordin' me. Jimmy?
Fuck!
The old cabin looks good.
It's seen some changes.
Daddy's always fixin'
this or that.
He'll be back in a month and...
he's lookin' forward to seein'
his big brother.
How's dispatch?
Excitin' as usual.
Got a call about a nasty
possum the other day.
You know. important
stuff like that.
How you doin'. Uncle Jack?
It's okay if you don't
wanna talk about it.
It's only been
three weeks and...
it's only natural to
feel like that.
32 years.
Feels like it's yesterday.
She was an amazing woman.
I feel your loss.
It'll take some gettin'
used to for sure.
Yeah.
Don't worry. the country'll
be good for you.
This lake? It has a way of
healin' things.
Uncle Jack!
Hey. sport. How you doin'?
- Good.
- Nice to see you.
Gettin' bigger by the minute.
You look kinda sad.
I have something for you.
A new video game.
- That's for you.
- Awesome!
Thanks. Uncle Jack.
What's a city guy like me
supposed to do around here?
You hear that?
Exactly. Nothin'.
It's just peace and quiet.
Enjoy it.
Go fishin'. take a hike.
Just get some fresh air in ya.
Yes. A hike.
Just don't take your cell phone.
It'll distract you.
Reception's spotty anyway.
You might want that. though.
Bears.
- Bears?
- Just in case.
Who's there?
Hey!
- Hey!
-
Stop runnin' and
come back here now!
You have the Sheriff's Office.
We got a problem.
Then I said. "That might be
a little dangerous."
Then she said. "I'm not talkin'
about your pistol.
I'm talkin' about your piece."
- True story. True story.
- Hank. Hank.
- Yeah?
- You're gonna wanna take this.
It's Billie.
Doesn't sound good.
She might be cryin'.
I don't know.
- Line one?
- Mm-hmm.
Billie. talk.
I had to let go
of an asset today.
Come again. Billie?
And we have an unintended.
Oh God!
Anyone else see you out there?
No. sir.
Are you sure?
Yeah. I'm sure!
And. uh. where is the asset?
Secure. Under the car.
Whose car?
The asset's car. y'all.
I'm not an idiot.
He sure as hell ain't
under my car.
Jesus. Billie. watch your words.
Will you relax. Tommy?
It's contained. I pulled the car
off the shoulder.
It's behind a bush.
It's not visible
from the road.
Any word on the unintended?
No. she took off runnin'
like a bull
with its balls cut off.
I don't know where
the fuck she went.
Whoa. She?
What the...
It was a woman. no question.
Okay. All right. look.
I know that area.
There's only three
obvious exit points
she might try to get to.
You just close one of 'em off.
- Tommy. get movin'.
- Yeah. copy that.
All right.
Billie. stay on her.
Tommy's leavin' right now.
All right. I'm on my way out.
All right.
Oh. wait. Tommy.
- What?
- Take a couple posters
out there with you. too.
One more thing. Billie.
Yeah?
No more unintendeds. Understand?
- Fuck!
-
Shit.
Jesus. Jimmy. what'd you do?
Look at this shit.
- Talk to me.
- Yeah. it's like she described.
Out of view?
- Mm-hmm.
A mess?
Eh. a little bit. Not too bad.
Okay. recover the goods
and then see if you can
flush out the girl.
All right. copy that.
Tommy.
Yeah. Hank?
I want you takin'
the lead on this one.
Billie's been a bit
shaky lately.
- You understand?
- Yup.
Tommy.
What. Hank?
Don't you make me have to
come out there.
- Copy that. Hank.
-  Oh. Tommy?
Jesus Christ. Hank.
what do you want?
Don't forget the posters.
"Don't forget the posters.
Don't forget the posters."
Fuckin' dickhead.
Sweet dreams. Jimmy.
Shit.
What a waste of good shit.
Fuck it.
"Don't forget the posters."
Woo!
Goodbye. Have fun. Uncle Jack!
We'll be back in a week
to check on ya.
Thanks. Uncle Jack!
-
Listen. I don't know
what you think you saw.
but I'm a cop. all right?
I ain't gonna hurt you.
I know you can hear me!
Come on out and talk to me.
okay?
Look. what's your plan?
Think you're gonna get outta
here and then call the cops?
Who you think's gonna
respond to that?
My people. my crew. that's who.
So let's just make this easy.
I'm gonna put my gun away now.
all right?
Don't shoot. please.
Please. I'm so sorry.
It's okay.
I panicked. I panicked.
I--I just got scared.
And I panicked. I'm sorry.
I heard a shot. that's it.
It's okay. I just need
you to calm down.
Take a deep breath.
I was just hiking.
I don't want any trouble.
Please. please.
Just gonna calm down.
We're gonna stay put.
Okay.
- Okay.
Just gonna get you
back to my car.
We're gonna just talk.
Is that okay?
Okay.
- Okay.
- All right.
Okay.Calm down.
It's okay.
Okay.
Billie. I'm here now.
Did you find that stray cat
and put her down?
-
Billie. are you there?
Tommy. I got her.
I'm just up that hill. Hurry up.
I'll be up in a second.
-
Fuck!
Batter up.
Come on.
She's a slippery one.
- Nice fuckin' work.
- Yeah.
Shit. what the hell
happened to you?
She's tougher than she looks.
So what now?
- Come get this off me.
- Take care of that wound.
Hank said to use caution.
Get some information
from this chick.
We'll figure out how to proceed.
You remember that time
when we were kids?
You tried to get fresh with me
after your kid brother
dared you?
I ended up bitin'
the hell outta your hand.
Cried for about a day.
I'd forgotten all about that
till this bitch got her
teeth into me.
Not much has changed with you.
Still doin' all your
brother's dirty work.
Oh shit. and you turned
out just great?
Fallin' for a convict
doin' 40 years?
Single mom?
Know you're lucky
I got you this job.
Who knows what you'd be doin'.
Look at you now. all chewed up
by some city girl.
Fuck you for sayin' that. Tommy.
Know what. Billie?
Maybe you'd been better off
lettin' me hook up
with you back then.
We could have gone a whole
different way together.
Don't you wish you had.
Oh shit.
Little worm is movin'.
Oh. let her come to.
You go first.
All right. calm down. Calm down.
Hey. calm down!
All we need to know is what you
think you saw. baby.
So. I'm gonna take
this off you now.
Don't scream.
I'll say I saw
whatever you want me to say.
I'll say--I'll say that I saw
I will. I'll say it was
a drug bust. okay?
- That's what I'll say.
- I'm sure. hon.
It's just that your response...
suggests that you saw somethin'
you shouldn't have.
I mean. if it were me and
I hadn't seen anything
I'd be here screamin' that
some crazy cops
just started chasin' me
through the woods
for no good reason.
I'd be damn confident about it.
No. no. Please. please.
Shh.
But you weren't very confident.
And that just don't work for us.
Please. I'll say whatever you
want me to say. please.
- Please?
- Do we need to call in Hank?
No. we ain't gotta do that.
Well then do what you gotta do.
- What are you waitin' for?
- Fuck me.
I lost my damn
pistol back there.
Huh?
When she bit me!
- Are you fuckin' with me?
- No. I'm not fuckin' with you.
I was a little distracted!
Jesus Christ. Billie.
Goddamn it. use my gun.
Ya know what.
let's take her up to the marsh
so we can hide her after.
- Fuck.
- I like that idea.
- Damn it.
- All right. get up.
- Come on. get up.
- Come on. baby.
- Calm down.
- Get up goddamn it!
- Get on your knees!
Hang tight.
I'll make sure we're alone.
Please. I'm begging you.
Please. please. please.
you don't have to do this.
I promise I won't say anything.
Please!
Please. please.
somebody help me!
Please!
Please. please. somebody
help me! Please!
All right. Billie. Do it!
What are you waitin' for.
Billie?
Somebody help me. please!
- Please.
-  Billie. do it.
Do it. Billie!
Please. please. please.
Please.
I can't shoot her when
she's lookin' me
in the eyes like that. Tommy.
Jesus Christ. Billie.
what's wrong with you?
Point the gun at her.
All right. we're gonna
do it on three.
One.
Two.
- Oh. shit.
You hear that?
Over here. Come on.
Don't fuckin' move.
You hear that? Came from there.
Right in there.
Don't move!
Throw your gun as
far as you can.
Throw it!
Hey. I'm not sure how your
eyesight is. pal.
We're the Sheriff's Department.
I see that.
But shit don't go
down like this.
On your knees.
Now. goddamn it!
I'm a cop. 35 years.
so don't be stupid.
What happened?
She assaulted me.
She's some sorta junkie.
They're lying.
She murdered someone.
She's a fuckin' liar!
Everybody calm down.
Here's what we're gonna do.
We're all goin' down to
the police station.
We're gonna figure this out.
Yeah. that sounds like
a plan to me.
Hey. Billie. be a doll
and get my gun.
Don't you move.
If this guy's a cop.
by golly I think he is.
he's not gonna shoot
another cop.
Don't fuck around.
I'll tell ya what I'm gonna do.
I'm gonna stand up.
If this jackass
doesn't shoot me.
Billie. get my fuckin' gun.
Yeah. thought so.
Billie. go.
Run.
Run. damn it!
- Now.
- Go.
Go. Billie.
- Go!
-
That's some great shootin'.
Just give me the fuckin' gun.
Shut the fuck up.
Clean up your fuckin'
brass and let's go.
What about them?
Just clean up your tracks.
Don't worry. we'll find 'em.
Wait for me.
Fuckin' bugs out here
are ridiculous.
Shit. it's hot.
You think we oughta call Hank?
Oh. Billie. I think Hank's
the last person
you wanna be hearin' from
right about now.
You think he'll be real mad?
Does the Tin Man have
a sheet metal cock?
Where'd you go?
Fuck.
Where are ya?
Come on. Come on.
What was that?
Think it came from that way.
Go check it out.
What the hell are you gonna do?
Shit. I'm gonna go this way.
Call me if anything happens.
- Okay. I'll do the same.
- What?
Yeah. maybe they split up. okay?
We gotta cover our asses.
Give me your gun.
Oh. that's a good idea.
Hell no!
- Tommy. give me your gun!
- Hey. you lost it.
Go find it. Shit.
'Bout to find me a new job.
that's what I'm about to do.
I'm done with this shit.
Big fuckin' dick.
-
Honey. I can hear you in there.
Come on out. now.
Got the girl.
Gonna find out.
Where's your friend?
Where's your gun?
Listen. girl.
In this good cop. bad cop thing
I'm the good cop. all right?
I'm the good cop!
So move your ass.
or I'm gonna have to make you.
Fine. have it your way.
-
Fuck.
Mm-hmm?
That bitch stabbed me!
Jesus Christ. Billie.
I gotta ask ya. how many times
ya gonna fuck up today?
Now. Tommy!
I'm fuckin' bleedin'
over here.
I can still see her.
There's a shed
at the fork in the road.
Hurry!
What the fuck?
Shit. There goes happy hour.
Fuckin' Billie.
Tommy!
This can't be happening.
This can't be real.
Shit. that looks bad. Billie.
I'm bleedin' pretty bad. Tommy.
Which way they go?
That way. They're not far.
Shit.
You okay?
Gotta get you outta here.
Tommy. you gotta listen to me.
Jimmy. that rat fuck.
he's been recordin'. okay?
The feds are gonna be all
over this. all right?
We're fucked.
Tommy. I'm not feelin' so good.
All right. get you outta here.
I think we oughta call
your brother.
He's already on his way.
That's good.
Come on.
Tommy.
Yeah. Billie?
I'm gonna be--I'm gonna be
all right. aren't I?
Yeah. be just fine.
It's okay. It's just me.
just me.
It's me. I'm not gonna hurt you.
I'm not gonna hurt you.
Just...just let me help. okay?
Sit on the rock.
Okay.
I didn't do anything wrong.
I was just hiking.
I believe you.
You don't look
like a criminal to me.
If we got to know each other.
maybe it would help.
Just the basics.
My name is Jack. Jack Harris.
I'm a cop.
My wife. uh...
uh. um...
she died three weeks ago.
Uh. cancer. yeah.
That's why I'm here.
Early retirement.
My name is Shannon Mathers.
I capture images.
Images?
I'm a photojournalist.
I. um...
I...I guess I came out here
to prove my father wrong.
He grew up around here.
He...he really loved it.
He always said these woods
were too tough for me.
too hard to hike.
He used to call me
his little quitter.
Well. let's prove him wrong.
He's dead. Jack.
I came out here to
spread his ashes.
I just couldn't make it to
the place where he wanted them.
So. I guess he was right.
It's just too fucking much.
I'm sorry.
Shannon. I think we have
something in common.
What's that?
We shouldn't have come
to this fucking place.
You got a phone?
It's back with my stuff.
Shannon. you can trust me.
What we need is evidence.
I need my camera.
I have footage.
Everything that you
need to know is on there.
It's back with my things.
Get the camera.
Bring it back.
We'll meet back here.
I'm gonna get back to
my cabin to get my phone.
I know someone
who can help us.
Shannon there's no quitting now.
you understand?
Okay.
- I can't go anymore.
- Come on. we're almost--
- I can't go anymore. Tommy.
- Come on. Billie.
- I can't!
- We're almost outta here.
You gotta lay me down.
All right. here.
I'm puttin' you down here.
Oh. hey. brother.
Hey. Shit just got
outta control.
Let's see what we got.
Oh.
Chief. we gotta get goin'.
Oh. Billie.
Chief. you gotta help me.
Well. that's somethin'.
What the fuck are you doin'
just lookin' at it?
We gotta go!
Billie. you just stay strong.
okay?
All right.
Where are you goin'?
- She's lookin' pretty bad.
Yeah.
We got some serious
time constraints here.
I know you guys
are close but. um.
well. she's in bad shape. okay?
And by the time we get
her outta here.
chances are she ain't gonna
be with us anymore.
In the meantime. them two
unintendeds will be long gone.
Now. look.
We got ourselves
a serious situation
that needs resolvin'. right?
And quick.
I told you not to call me.
didn't I?
But now that you did. well...
I think you know
what you have to do.
She's got a little kid at home.
Listen to me. Tommy.
and you listen good.
I shouldn't be
out here right now.
I am one goddamn week away
from that election and you are--
and you are the first
in line for my spot
once I get what's comin' to me.
But this is your mess now.
too. brother.
You understand. right?
What. you think I didn't
have to get my hands
a little bit dirty to
get where I am?
Shit. you know what?
If you really had what it took.
you'd have already handled
this business by now.
But. no.
No. all you know how to do
is think with your dick.
That's not true.
I got what it takes.
Then prove it. brother.
Put her outta her misery
and then let's finish this
before we actually have
a problem we can't fix.
What do you want me to do?
Shoot her in the fuckin' face?
Fuckin' stupid. Tommy.
She's bleedin' out.
We got a murder weapon
with prints all over it.
Now. this is a closed case
as far as you. I.
or anyone will know.
Just get your ass over there
and tend to that wound.
Come on.
Go on.
Come on!
Be all right.
Go on.
Tommy. I can't feel
my legs no more.
You're gonna have to carry me.
It's all right. Billie.
You'll be okay.
Sorry.
- No. Tommy. what are you doin'?
-  Shh. just relax.
- Shh.
- No.
No!
Shh. shh.
- I got a son at home. Tommy.
-  It's okay.
I'm gonna take care of him.
I'm gonna take care of it.
I'll take care of everything.
okay?
Fuckin' let me go. Tommy.
Gonna be okay. Shh.
No. Tommy.
Stop fightin'. Billie. Please.
Just be still.
I don't wanna die. Tommy.
It's gonna be okay.
- It's all right.
- Tommy. please. I'll do better.
I promise.
Sheriff thinks it's
too late for that now.
It's gonna be okay.
Just relax.
It'll be over soon.
Promise you'll
take care of my son.
I love you. Billie.
-
Well done.
I always knew you had it in ya.
What are we gonna do now?
We finish this.
They been runnin'
for 10 minutes.
Why are you so calm?
'Cause that's part of it.
big brother.
You'll see.
Now. where do you think
they might be?
I don't know.
Off in the distance
I saw a cabin.
That's where they're goin'.
How do you know?
Because unlike you.
I've got intuition. Tommy.
It comes in handy.
You see. I have
the ability to put myself
in other people's shoes and
that's where I'd be goin'
if I was on the run tryin'
to save my life.
But you tell me.
What's your workin' theory.
brother?
That's what I thought.
Get her back to the car.
We have to set up the narrative.
Take the weapon and we'll get
some prints off that thing.
Gotta get it all in the car.
I think we can make this work.
What are you gonna do?
Clean up your goddamn mess.
We got work to do. big brother.
Looks like we gots ourselves
a cop killer on the loose.
You reached Tom.
I'm not about to pick up
my phone right now.
Leave a message.
- Hi. Tommy.
Hope your project's goin' well.
Surprised I haven't heard
from you about it yet.
But I suppose that just means
you're hard at work.
Why don't you give us a call?
-
Billie. I'm gonna
make this right.
You'll see.
Ah.
Dad. I really need your help.
I'm all alone and I'm scared.
Please. for the first time.
just tell me I can do this.
Can you hear me?
Just gimme a sign. Anything.
-
-  Freeze. goddamn it!
Freeze!
Stop.
Fuckin' bitch. Stop!
Bitch.
Stop.
-
Bitch.
You bitch. I'm gonna kill you.
Goddamn it. freeze.
-
This is for Billie.
Don't you know that
it's time to quit?
He always said these
woods were too tough for me.
He used to call me
his little quitter.
I'm not quitting or anything.
I promise.
Shannon there's no quitting.
You understand?
Then let's prove him wrong.
Just gimme a sign. Anything.
-
Hey. Tommy.
Things appear to be
a dead end for me.
So. why don't we just
touch base ASAP. okay?
Fuckin' moron.
Huh.
Lazy son of a bitch.
You reached Tom.
I'm not about to pick up
my phone right now.
- Leave a message.
-
I'm gonna need you to
call me back right now.
You got that?
Stupid fuckin' donkey.
Well. you were here.
Talk to me.
Come on. goddamn it.
Show me somethin'.
Depression. huh?
Well. that's a shame.
What the hell are you doin'
all the way up here
in my neck of the wood?
Oh. you're sad.
Shit.
Well. looks like you're
way outta your jurisdiction.
my friend.
I'll be goddamned.
-  31-21.
31-21.
Hey. dispatch.
can you do me a big favor
and patch me over to Pam Harris?
Sure thing.
Hello. sir.
Hey. Pam!
I'm so sorry to bother ya
on your day off.
Hey. no worries.
Just please tell me you got me
somethin' excitin'.
Oh. I guess it's a little better
than that possum call
the other day.
small world. but would you
happen to have a relative
workin' in the Philly PD?
Wait. Wow.
Yeah. my Uncle Jack.
He just retired.
You don't say?
Yeah. in fact he's in town.
He's visiting the family cabin.
He's just tryin' to
get some rest.
Why do you ask?
Well. Pam. turns out
your Uncle Jack and I
have a mutual
acquaintance in common
and I would love to
chew his ear on some things.
Well. that'd be great.
Um. I'm sure he'd love to talk.
His wife passed recently and
it's been really hard on him.
Oh. I'm so sorry to hear that.
Well. could you be a sport
and text me over
his cell phone number?
Maybe I'll take him out for
a beer or somethin'.
That'd be great.
Perfect. Of course.
Thanks. Pam.
You've been a great help.
I'll let you know if I come
across any more possums.
Okay. bye now.
You got this.
You reached Tom.
I'm not about to pick up my--
Pick up your goddamn phone.
Tommy!
Tommy! Tommy!
Tom!
What the fuck?
Tommy!
Damn you two.
You really fucked
this up for me.
Yeah.
- Listen. Frank.
I'm gonna need you to go pick up
Pam Harris. okay?
You know she's off today.
It doesn't matter.
Tell her I wanna recommend her
for a promotion or somethin'.
I just need her in our custody.
understand?
And Frank.
don't tell her too much.
Go on. get in.
So. uh...
how long you been
in dispatch now?
A little over a year.
I guess. now.
Why?
Sounds like Hank's got
a plan for you.
So. what's this all about?
Seems like he wants to give you
some sort of leg up.
Where was it you said we
were goin' again?
Nowhere right now. anyway.
Hank'll call soon.
You just sit tight.
Hi. Jack.
With the girl?
Who is this?
Oh. my apologies.
Let me introduce myself.
Hank Rivers.
Now. you mighta seen
my election signs
on your way into town.
Been kind of a interesting
day. wouldn't you say?
I suppose it only makes sense
you're a little bit tongue-tied
at the moment. Jack.
so let's just get down to it.
You and that girl you're helpin'
killed two of my officers today.
How did you get this number?
Oh. we'll get to that. Jack.
Right now I need you to
pay attention.
Are you with the girl?
No!
Really?
Well. that's a damn shame.
See. a lotta lives
were lost today.
I'd hate for there to be more.
Now. come on. Jack.
Now. I'm sure you put
the pieces together by now.
I found your badge.
Now. back at the cabin.
can you imagine my surprise
when I found out you and I
had a mutual friend?
I mean. wow.
Shit gets real tricky when
family's involved.
doesn't it. Jack?
Pam?
That lovely niece of yours?
She's one hell of a dispatcher.
I'll give her that.
You know what I like about
workin' with her?
She's ambitious.
Wants to get out in the field.
get some real action.
Well. I reckon I may now
need to oblige her.
Leave her outta this.
Oh. I'd love to. Jack.
but like I said.
she's hungry for some danger.
What do you want?
I swear. if you touch my niece.
You just bring me the girl.
and your niece stays safe.
I give you my word.
Come on. Jack.
Haven't we both dealt with
enough loss lately?
- You killed my brother. Jack.
-  What?
I di--
I didn't kill anyone.
Well then.
I guess we both know who did.
now don't we?
Bring me the girl. Jack.
No guns.
Just a fair exchange of
the prisoner for your niece
and we call it a day.
Okay. okay. I'll do it.
And Jack. you try anything
funny. anything foolish.
both you and Pam will
disappear for good.
I can promise you that.
You understand?
Yeah. copy that.
Good.
You have 10 minutes.
Shannon.
Shannon. wait.
Wait. stop running.
Open up. Please.
Help me.
I need your help.
Open up the door. please.
No. go away
or I'll call the police.
- Please. Please. please.
- I will call the police!
I need your help.
Open the door. Please help me.
Okay. hold on.
Oh. God.
Take whatever you want--
No. no. no.
I'm not gonna hurt you.
- I promise you.
- Please.
I'm not gonna hurt you.
Stop.
Where are the keys to your car?
They're in my bedroom.
They're in the dresser drawer.
We need to go.
We need to go now.
- No.
- Now.
- We gotta get outta here.
Listen. there's a man that's
tryin' to get me killed.
- Go.
- Okay. okay.
Shannon.
- Fuck you. Jack.
There's still a way.
-
Open the door.
I'm not fucking around anymore.
Jack.
I don't give a fuck
about your niece
or any of your psycho
fucking cop friends.
I've been through enough today.
do you understand me?
I--I know. Shannon. Yes.
I was never gonna bring you.
I just needed a second to think.
Can we just talk
again like before?
Just listen to me.
Just let me think for a minute.
Talk.
We're in this together.
We're running outta time.
I'm not hearing a plan. Jack.
I am working on it.
The third guy.
He never saw you. right?
No.
He doesn't know
what you look like.
what you sound like.
Get back. Please.
Just stay.
I'll put that woman on
the phone so he hears a voice.
That will save my niece.
What about my life?
You've gotta get the video to
the FBI's office. Fast.
What?
It's our only chance.
It's the only chance
we got right now.
Okay.
Don't worry.
I'll be back for you.
We'll make this proper.
Shit.
- Well?
-  I've got her.
We're at the cabin right off
Route 92 in Easton Lake.
Put her on.
This is Shannon Mathers.
I was born 8-9-88.
I am from Philadelphia.
Well. thank you. honey.
I'm gonna sort all this out.
okay?
Don't you worry now.
Please put Jack back on.
Are we good?
We'll see.
Bring the girl back here and
we'll figure things out.
I'm not goin' anywhere
until I know my niece is safe.
Jack. I'm...
Here's what we're gonna do.
Now. I'll make that happen.
Jack.
But here's the thing.
You're gonna stay on
the phone right now
and I wanna hear the girl
countin' the whole time.
What?
Have her start at one and
keep goin' till I get there.
however long it takes.
I wanna hear that pretty
little voice countin'.
Okay. okay.
One. two. three. four.
That good?
Yeah. that's good.
and there better not be any
disruptions or interruptions.
You understand?
Oh. and Jack. don't you dare
try any dumb shit
or even think about runnin'.
You get me?
426.
427.
428.
429...
Come in. Hank.
431...
Go on.
Yeah. I got a call here from
a young lady inquiring
about filing a missing
persons report.
Oh yeah?
Yeah. she said that her friend.
a Shannon Mathers.
is out hikin'. shoulda called
her to pick her up by now.
Wants to file a report.
436...
Well. you just call her back.
tell her to come on in
to the office
and stay put till I get back.
You hear?
Copy that.
445...
446.
447...
448...
449...
881.
882.
Okay. Jack.
that's enough for now.
Tell her to stop.
I want you to look out front.
Pam's right there.
I'm gonna come in.
leavin' my weapon outside.
and we're gonna do
the exchange like we agreed.
Okay?
Now. go on.
Tell her to start countin'
again.
- 900. 901. 902.
-
903. 904. 905.
- 906. 907. 908...
-
909. 910. 911...
Talk to me. Jack.
Where in the fuck is she?
Deal's off. Jack.
Frank. the asset
is now expendable.
Well. I shoulda figured.
Shannon. I presume?
Man. you have had
one hell of a day.
Now we both know
you've done some things
you probably shouldn't have.
but it's okay.
I'm here to help ya.
Frank. why the fuck am I not
hearing a goddamn gunshot?
Frank's not
available at the moment.
Can I help you with somethin'.
Sheriff?
Jack.
you listen to me. we had a--
Actually. Hank.
I'd like you to listen.
Listen to this.
You hear that?
That's the sound of justice.
Um. do you wanna tell me
what on Earth is going on here?
It's been a long day.
You have to trust
your Uncle Jack.
Copy that.
-  431.
432. 433...
489. 490. 491...
520.
525.
-
You son of a...
Abuse of power comes
as no surprise.
I know men like you.
You use people to get
what you want.
All ego and no accountability.
But I'm that bitch you
shouldn't have fucked with.
Yeah?
Let's just see about that.
-
and bloodshot eyes
a last goodbye
clouded my mind
the man's gotta die
the tables turned
on down the river
a red-handed sinner
can't cry out
down the river
a finger on the trigger
to find me
oh oh oh oh oh
oh oh oh oh
just take me on down
There are still many
unanswered questions
in a long-standing Internal
Affairs investigation
in Green Shores County as
disgraced Sheriff Hank Rivers
was found dead this morning
from an apparent suicide
in his jail cell.
Oh. Thank you.
That's very nice.
Ya know what. Pam?
You were right.
A little peace. quiet...
might not be so bad.
Yeah. you know that whole
peace and quiet thing.
I'm thinkin' that just might
not be in the cards
for you. Uncle Jack.
I'm glad you're here.
Are you doin' good?
I'm okay.
All right. well. I better
go get changed.
I. uh. got promoted to patrol.
- Eh.
- It seems some spots opened up.
You earned it. kiddo.
-
You expectin' someone.
Uncle Jack?
You ready?
How you been?
Better than the last
time I saw you.
You know. there's a whole
other side of this lake
that I wanna show you.
Wa--
What's wrong?
I left my gun. Let me go get it.
It's okay.
Hey. I got us covered.
I got this.
You know what. Shannon.
your dad would be
pretty damn proud.
Now let's go.
and we'll finish what
you started.
Go say goodbye to him.
Okay.
a wanted man
cold steel bars
break this bus down
that I know will never end
you forever
criminal dreams
close together
to pleasure
criminal dreams
across your face
my dirty cell
wounded cries
I think of you
rendezvous
everything that's true
you forever
criminal dreams